feat: Editorial review: Add docs for notRestoredReasons (#32920)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/notrestoredreasons/reasons/index.md

---
title: "NotRestoredReasons: reasons property"
short-title: reasons
slug: Web/API/NotRestoredReasons/reasons
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.NotRestoredReasons.reasons
---

{{APIRef("Performance API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`reasons`** read-only property of the

> {{domxref("NotRestoredReasons")}} interface returns an array of {{domxref("NotRestoredReasonDetails")}} objects, each representing a reason why the navigated page was blocked from using the [back/forward cache (bfcache)](https://web.dev/articles/bfcache).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{domxref("NotRestoredReasons")}} interface returns an array of {{domxref("NotRestoredReasonDetails")}} objects, each representing a reason why the navigated page was blocked from using the back/forward cache ({{Glossary("bfcache")}}).
```

## Value

> An array of {{domxref("NotRestoredReasonDetails")}} objects. See [Blocking reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Reporting_backforward_cache_not_restored_reasons#blocking_reasons) for a list of the possible blocking reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of {{domxref("NotRestoredReasonDetails")}} objects. See [Blocking reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Monitoring_bfcache_blocking_reasons#blocking_reasons) for a list of the possible blocking reasons.
```

If the document is in a cross-origin {{htmlelement("iframe")}}, `reasons` will return `null`, but the parent document may show a `reason` of `"masked"` if any `<iframe>`s blocked bfcache usage for the top-level frame.

## Examples

> See [Reporting back/forward cache not restored reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Reporting_backforward_cache_not_restored_reasons) for examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Monitoring bfcache blocking reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Monitoring_bfcache_blocking_reasons) for examples.
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

> - [Reporting back/forward cache not restored reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Reporting_backforward_cache_not_restored_reasons)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Monitoring bfcache blocking reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Monitoring_bfcache_blocking_reasons)
```
